Fix `function-no-unknown|value-keyword-case` false positives for template literals with line breaks (#7443)
stylelint/stylelint: .changeset/beige-peaches-add.md

---
"stylelint": patch
---

> Fix: `Template literal` behavior with line breaks is incorrect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed: `function-no-unknown|value-keyword-case` false positives for template literals with line breaks
```
